<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang=en>
<head>
<meta charset=utf-8>
<title>DPVCG Meeting Call &ndash; 01 NOV 2023</title>
<meta name=viewport content="width=device-width">
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2018" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/base.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/public.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="2004" href="https://www.w3.org/2004/02/minutes-style.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Fancy" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/fancy.css">
<link rel="alternate stylesheet" type="text/css" title="Typewriter" href="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/tt-member.css">
</head>

<body>
<header>
<p><a href="https://www.w3.org/"><img src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/TR/2016/logos/W3C" alt=W3C border=0 height=48 width=72></a></p>

<h1>DPVCG Meeting Call</h1>
<h2>01 NOV 2023</h2>

<nav id=links>
<a href="https://www.w3.org/events/meetings/3228df35-afc8-4125-be1d-219c5cfd3aff/20231101T150000/"><img alt="Agenda." title="Agenda" src="https://www.w3.org/StyleSheets/scribe2/chronometer.png"></a>
</nav>
</header>

<div id=prelims>
<div id=attendees>
<h2>Attendees</h2>
<dl class=intro>
<dt>Present</dt><dd>harsh, paul, tytti</dd>
<dt>Regrets</dt><dd>georg</dd>
<dt>Chair</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
<dt>Scribe</dt><dd>harsh</dd>
</dl>
</div>

<nav id=toc>
<h2>Contents</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#t01">Updates to documentation</a></li>
<li><a href="#t02">Updating concepts for non-personal data</a></li>
<li><a href="#t03">Process new concept</a></li>
<li><a href="#t04">Discussed without updates</a></li>
<li><a href="#t05">Next Meeting</a></li>
<li class=app><a href="#ActionSummary">Summary of action items</a></li>
</ol>
</nav>
</div>

<main id=meeting class=meeting>
<h2>Meeting minutes</h2>
<section><p id=x008 class=summary>Meeting minutes: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings</a></p>
<p id=x009 class=summary>purl for this meeting: <a href="https://w3id.org/dpv/meetings/meeting-2023-11-01">https://<wbr>w3id.org/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>meetings/<wbr>meeting-2023-11-01</a></p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t01>Updates to documentation</h3>
<p id=x011 class=summary>see live version at <a href="https://harshp.com/dpv/dpv/">https://<wbr>harshp.com/<wbr>dpv/<wbr>dpv/</a></p>
<p id=x012 class=summary>see email by harsh <a href="https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-dpvcg/2023Nov/0000.html">https://<wbr>lists.w3.org/<wbr>Archives/<wbr>Public/<wbr>public-dpvcg/<wbr>2023Nov/<wbr>0000.html</a></p>
<p id=x013 class=summary> discussed and attendees find the change agreeable</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t02>Updating concepts for non-personal data</h3>
<p id=x015 class=bot><cite>&lt;ghurlbot&gt;</cite> <strong><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/99">Issue 99</a></strong> Proposal to change DPV scope to include Non-Personal Data (by coolharsh55) </p>
<p id=x016 class=summary>georg has highlighted fields where &quot;personal data&quot; occurs within the description of the concept</p>
<p id=x017 class=summary>attendees discussed each concept - verbally agreeing changes and discarding some suggestions (e.g. Data Subject, Data Controller) as they defined specifically for being associated with personal data and DPVCG's scope is personal data</p>
<p id=x018 class=summary>tytti has agreed to review the highlighted fields and address changes as discussed in today's meeting, and paul will also go through the spreadsheet to see what other fields require changes</p>
<p id=a01 class=action><strong>ACTION:</strong> tytti and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t03>Process new concept</h3>
<p id=x021 class=summary><a href="https://github.com/w3c/dpv/issues/121">Issue 121  dpv:Process as a superclass of dpv:PersonalDataHandling to describe any data processing (by coolharsh55) [concepts] [question]</a></p>
<p id=x022 class=summary>harsh proposes that <code>Process</code> be added as a new concept, superclass of <code>PersonalDataHandling</code> to indicate activities which can contain personal as well as non-personal data</p>
<p id=x023 class=summary>group agrees to the proposal, but highlights that not sufficient members are present to make a final decision</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t04>Discussed without updates</h3>
<p id=x025 class=summary>Active/Passive Data subjects and other concepts</p>
</section>

<section>
<h3 id=t05>Next Meeting</h3>
<p id=x027 class=summary>The next meeting will be in 1 week on WED NOV-08 15:00 WET / 16:00 CET. Agenda includes discussions on: 1) Active/Passive etc. concepts ; 2) Automation and Human Involvement concepts ; 3) Updating DPV for non-personal data ; 4) Documentation updates ; 5) 27560 updates ; 6) AOB.</p>
</section>
</main>

<div id=ActionSummary>
<h2>Summary of action items</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#a01">tytti and paul to go through the spreadsheet for non-personal data changes required</a></li>
</ol>
</div>


<address>Minutes manually created (not a transcript), formatted by <a
href="https://w3c.github.io/scribe2/scribedoc.html"
>scribe.perl</a> version 217 (Fri Apr  7 17:23:01 2023 UTC).</address>

</body>
</html>
